
	music.asm	

		Player main. Links the synth and the player into one binary.
		Assemble to MUSIC.BIN, with equate SYSTEM set to the according
		target system (define from command line, see synth/synth.asm
		for values for this).

	tikitune.asm

		Player loader/interface main, for TIKI-100 with TIKO or otherwise
		any CP/M-compatible OS. Requires MUSIC.BIN to be pre-assembled.
		Expects the 80-column TDV-2115 terminal emulator to be loaded.

	tikitune_cpc.asm

		Player loader main for Amstrad CPC. Requires MUSIC.BIN to be pre-
		assembled. Replace last byte in binary with tune-data and Poke the
		program into memory from address 0. Run from 0 or $100. Used with
		an emulator for testing unfinished tunes on PC.

	tiki100.inc

		Equates related to Tiki-100.

cpm/

	CP/M related includes and generalized routines.

	bdos.inc		BDOS-function and Zero-page equates
	ascii.inc		ASCII equates.
	dbprint.asm		Routines for printing various things to screen

player/

	Player module, divided into the player interface and the byte-code
	interpretator. The player is sort of an extension to the synth, so
	it won't assemble without it. The player is meant to be given a timer
	interrupt for steady playback speed, and this is done by passing a
	vector over the interface. A tune is uploaded by first getting a vector
	over the interface, then loading the bytecode for the 

  >>>	player.inc		Interface skeleton-equates; everything you need
				to know in order to interface with the player,
				even if it's as an already pre-assembled binary.
  >>>	player.asm		Interface and player engine anchor. The interface
				is used to controll the player, and the engine
				keeps the bytecode interperator and synth running.
	interpereter.asm	Byte-code interpereter, called by engine once
				for every bytecode encountered. Uses the synth.

synth/

	AY-3-8912 synthesizer. Has a whole set of functions that can be called
	for various controlls and effects. The synth engine needs to be updated
	continuously to keep most effects running. See synth.asm for details.
	Does not depend on anything else, and can be used standalone in any
	program.

  >>>	synth.inc		Equates for instrument names; nothing too special.
  >>>	synth.asm		Anchor for synth. See this file for documentation.
	instruments.asm		Instrument-control; manages the software envelopes,
				frequency sweeps and hardware envelope.
	instrdata.asm		Instrument-parameters datastructure.
	noise.asm		Noise-control; manages noise-set and noise-sweep.
	arpeggio.asm		Arpeggiator; plays 3 alternating tones on any
				combination of instruments, using a selectable tempo.
	tuning.asm		Tone-translation module; Finds the proper AY counter
				period for any given tone.
	*ay.asm			AY-chip interface modules for various hardware/systems.
	linear.asm		16-bit linear slope-plotting routine.